---
layout: post
category : news
icon: fa-heart
title: Thank You!
---

As we close out 2014, we want to send a sincere thank you for a wonderful year. This club was founded by a couple people who wanted to work out together and grow stronger with the help of a great coach, Rich Kline. You all have kept that vision alive. You are all so welcoming and encouraging. Whether you are a top tier athlete or a newbie, your encouragement to each other is what makes us great. 

As I think back across the year, there are many stories that inspire me and make me proud to be a part of this group. I loved having Shannon show up for all our Sunday runs, race a 5k and even a half marathon while pregnant. If someone told me she ran herself to the birthing clinic, I would believe it! I also loved how everyone cheered Adriana on as she did her first open water swim after just beginning to put her face in the water! Or how about the greatest transition picture ever? As Pam was racing to a first place finish, she stopped to take a picture with Deke in the transition area.? Then there was YOLO. Over a quarter of our membership raced. Even though we raced as individuals, we celebrated as a team! There are so many stories that make me smile; I wish I could share them all. But what they all have in common is the spirit of teamwork. 

As we head into 2015, your board has great vision. Our first priority though is to keep this team of friends working well together.  This year, we will be raising our membership fees from $30 to $50 a year, with a $5 discount for families. From the beginning, even before we had a website or a name, Rich Kline has been coaching and encouraging us. This will allow us to endow Coach Rich with a small monetary gift of appreciation for his effort, passion, encouragement and expertise.  We want you to know that we considered this decision carefully. What will this increase mean to you? You will still enjoy the coaching provided by Rich. As a member you will receive your sway bag. Included this year will be a long sleeve shirt, a swim cap, and a water bottle. You will also receive a mid-year gift that we're sure you'll enjoy. On January 25th, Andrew Dole will be leading a nutrition Question and Answer session. Mark your calendar for that! We are also no longer offering a combined 6202 Cycling Club membership. Instead, we are partnering with 6202 and every Rock Tri Club member will be welcome on every one of their rides!

What does this partnership mean? Rock Tri Club will be stepping up to help lead more women's rides, clinics, slower pace rides, a time trial series that will include brick work. This will help enhance our cycling options. If you like to go fast, 6202 will continue to organize their full calendar of rides. This is exciting! We will also be putting on our inaugural trail race in October. As club members, you will receive a member discount on your entry! We will be putting on an open water clinic and dip and dash race to help you mentally prepare for your first race. We will also continue to put on our annual swim meet on February 8th. You can [register here](https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/rock-classic-2015).

We want to be transparent to all our members. We will be presenting our financials to you throughout the year. Our plans with the increased membership fees will also allow us to order an upgraded club tent as well as tear drop flags that will be at all club races. If you have any concerns at any time, we would love to hear from you. We welcome your feedback and want to continue to build on our great foundation. 

Thank you for making 2014 such a great year. I hope you'll rejoin us in 2015! We'd love to see you at our kick off meeting on January 10th from 3-5pm at Carlos Miguels. Please [RSVP for that here](https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/2015-year-kick-off).

Again, THANK YOU for getting us to this point. Rock Tri Club is you. And thank you for being someone worth building a club around. On to 2015! Happy New Years friends!

With great thanks, your board,

Rich Kline <br>
Brad Shefsick  <br>
Stentz Whitaker <br>
Sarah Pirlot <br>
Jennifer Bennett <br>
Jeanie Brevoort 