---
layout: post
category : news
icon: fa-heart
title: February Minutes
---
RTC	Board	Meeting	Minutes – 2/2/15
Attending:		Rich	Kline,	Sarah	Pirlot,	Jeanie	Brevoort,	Brad	Shefsick,	Stentz	Whitaker,	
									Jennifer	Bennett
1. Club	Organization
a. Review	bylaws	– requirement	of	general	membership	mtg	and	posting	of	
agendas/minutes?
- Stentz	updated	our	CO	State	Articles	of	Incorporation	with	correct	
addresses
- We	will	hold	a	General	Membership	mtg	just	½	hour	prior	to our
Season	Kick-off	mtg
- Will	post	minutes	to	website	– Jenn will	send	to	Jeanie
- Look	into	process	for	running	term	elections at	the	end	of	the	year
b. Board	member	responsibilities	for	the	coming	year
c. Setting	a	monthly	board	meeting	date
First	Monday	of the	month	at	8:00	– next	one	is	Mar.	2 @	Brad’s
d. Adding	another	Board	member	to	the	bank	account
- Need	to	add	a	bank	card	on	the	account as	many	vendors	will	not	take	
checks
- Brad is	meeting	with	Stentz this	week	to	get	on	the	bank	account
e. Renew	the	domain	name	– due	Mar.	15
-		Rich	currently	owns	it,	but	need	to	transition	it	to	the	Club’s	e-mail	and	
				bank	info - rocktriclub.com
-		Jeanie will	get	the	amount	owed	to	Stentz
f. Business	cards
- Do	we	need	a	new	card	for	sponsors/prospects?		Sarah will	ask	Jeff
Fleck about	options
2. Sponsorship
a. Levels	of	sponsorship
- Last	year	was	$100,	$250,	$500,	and	$800
- This	year:		$100	in	cash,	link	on	website - SPRINT
- $250	in	cash,	link	on	website,	logo	in	shirt - OLYMPIC
- $500	in	cash,	link	on	website,	logo	on	shirt	and	option	to	host	an	event	
of	any	type	at	your	place	of	business - IRONMAN
- $1000	- $600	in	cash/$400	in	kind,	link	on	website,	logo	on	shirt,	
option	to	host	an	event,	and	we	will	host/pay	for	two	events	at	their	
place	of	business	– no	cost	out	of	their	pocket	with	a	limit	of	$100	per	
event – ELITE		(Projecting	3)
b. Cutoff	dates	for	securing	commitments
- March	30th	with	an	April	1	goal	for	vectored,	finalized	design
- Hopefully	a	turn	around	of	one	week with	Jeff
c. Prospects/	status	updates	from	Brad and	Sarah
- Talk	with	Rockyard	about	sponsoring	the	mid-year	gift (pint	glass),	
we	would	pay	to	add our	logo	and sponsor a	run	from	Rockyard
- Boulevard	at	$500- Bubbles
- Dads	and	Dudes
- Earth	Born	Dog	Food/	other	ideas	from	Jane – what	is	something	that	
would	work	for	us?		Bottle	opener,	transition	towels would	be	great.		
Rich will	send	contact	info	to	Brad and	Sarah
3. Financial	update
a. 2015	budget
100	estimated	members		($5000)
2	projected	1000s	
4	projected	at	500
4	projected	at	250
4	projected	at	100
b. outstanding	and	projected	expenses
Budget: website and po box 200
Registration and insurance 685
Bank expenses 350
State registration 20
Swim meet and awards 485
tent: 1300
teardrops: 680
banner: 100
swim cap: 200 (200 latex- white )
water bottles: 600 (300 grey, 26oz)
tshirt-long: 1450 (150x13 each)
war chest 1500
parties 2100
mugs 370
Rich 10/member 1200
_____
Total: $ retotal
Membership: 100x50= 5000
Sponsorship needed: 4800
Swim meet revenue hoping to recoup 1100
4. Membership	update
a. Numbers – 36	registered	– 26	individual	and	5	family	add-ons	on	line,	
board	members,	plus	a	few	checks
b. Feedback	on	website – excellent	and	user-friendly
c. Waivers – Jenn will	get	from	Jeanie,	will	bring	additional	to	swim	meet
5. Swaga. Decide	on	shirt	option	and	numbers/pricing	for	ordering
- Horizontal	logo	on	the	chest,	long	sleeve	navy	blue	shirt	– more	
centered
- 150	– with	sizing	scaled	toward more	smalls	and	mediums (unisex
- Ask	Jeff for	a	sizing	kit	to	keep	at	swim	practices
b. What	other	items?		
Water	bottles	– gray	with	tall	logo	in	black,	26	oz
Swim	caps	– switch	to	latex,	white with	blue
Tent:		wrapped	tri	kit	logo	– see	if	we	can	get	a	mock-up
Tear	drops:	– 9	‘	double	sided	with	tri	kit	logo
Banner:		3	x	6	full	color,	one	side
c. Vote	on	total	package – All	Board	Members	are	in	agreement	on	the	above	
items – Sarah will	send	all	to	Jeff	to	get	a	final	package cost
d. Pactimo	or	Jeff?		He	can	do	the	exact	same	kit,	but	take	the	sponsors	off
Or	pay	$100	to	Pactimo	to	change	the	art	set-up.		How	does	this	work	
with	our	contract?		Sarah and	Stentz will	follow	up
e. We	also	need	to	get	a	sizing	kit	for	our	season	kick-off	party	– can	Jeff	do	
that?		Sarah will	follow	up
6. Swim	meet
a. Numbers/	final	push	for	registration
b. Volunteer	status – Jenn will	repost
c. Any	other	needs?		National	anthem?		Coffee?		Massages?		Banner?
Brad – will	get	coffee	scheduled and	pick	up	cuties,	bananas
Rich – will	get	one	of	the	high	school	girls	to	sing	or	do	the	Pledge
Stentz and	Rich - will	get	the	computer	set	up	and start	entering	the	seed
times
Rich or	Jenn - bagels	and	cream	cheese
Sarah - will	check	with	Kristin	about	offering	massages
Jeanie – will	pass	long	square	reader	for	selling leftover	t-shirts	at	the	
meet
		
7. Upcoming	events
a. Museum	run	planning – Brigit	Owen	– marketing	person	for	the	museum
b. Trainer	nights – each	Tuesday	from	6-7	at	American	Cyclesports
c. Family	pool	day	at	the	rec?
d. Set	date	for	kickoff	party – Saturday	April	18th @	2pm	Crystal	Valley	
Ranch	Clubhouse.		Jeanie will	reserve.
- Try	to	get	a	new	food	sponsor.
- Must	be	a	member	by	March	15th to	guarantee	your	shirt	size
e. Trail	run	planning – Cherokee	Ranch
f. Calendar	update
*		Things	to	do	in	December	– renew	USAT	insurance	and	USAT	Club	status	(approx.$50)
