---
layout: post
category : news
icon: fa-bullhorn
title: Friday Email- INFO!
---
Happy Friday members and friends! This is a long email....read it all!

"Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your own two ears." ~Laird Hamilton

Afraid that you'll be the slow one at a group workout? Get over it. At least you'll show up, push hard, get better. That's better than sitting on the couch or training alone hoping to get better! Show up, let's work together!

Thanks to all the new and returning members that signed up for 2015! We are ordering shirts and swag today. We always order extra for people who will join later, but can only guarantee sizes for members who let me know their shirt size to this point. We're looking forward to a great season! 

6202 Cycling: We are now PARTNERS with our local cycling club meaning that you do NOT have to have dual membership to attend their rides. Our insurance covers us on their rides. They are welcoming us and want our membership to take part in and enjoy their group rides. Be sure to thank them and offer to help when attending their group rides. If you WANT to dual join and get their tshirt and support them, please do!

Race kit ordering: Ordering a race kit is optional! The cost is $67 for shorts/ $62 for shirts. Rich will have the sample size kits through Monday at swim. I then have to return them. The online store closes midnight on March 10th- you should receive your kit by April 15th. We will open the store again later, but if you want your kit before race season, now is the best option. To order go here: https://order.pactimo.com/session/new    then create an account. Go to my team store. Our password is rocktri. Anything you order will be delivered to your address. 

Weekend Workouts:
Saturday morning road ride from Lost Coffee Perry at 9:30. I'll lead the B ride (no drop), if needed. Be there!

Sunday- 2:30pm brick (road ride then run). We will meet off Walker Road (off 86 on north side- go down hill, after church- before castlewood canyon. Dirt road- drive around and park at the end). We will begin on the Cherry Creek trail, no drop ride. We will ride for approx 1 hour (easy pace), return, then run for 20 minutes. Join us for just the ride or both! I want to see some women this weekend!!

Sunday- 4-5pm at Lost Coffee Limeliight there is a Ride Organizer meeting. We need help organizing rides. Learn what it means to be a leader of a group B ride. It does NOT mean being the fastest. If we want more group rides, we need more leaders. I will leave from our Sunday ride and head to Lost Coffee for the meeting. I hope you'll join me!

Club Races: Club races are races that we want to have a large group showing at. We'll have our tent, bring beverages, and make it a fun place for your family and spectators. Our club races this year are:

April 12th- Platte River Half Marathon
May 23rd- PelicanFest Sprint Tri
June 7th- Elephant Rock
June 27-28: Tri The Boat Steamboat: Sprint, Olympic, Half IM distance. Some people will be camping, others will be getting a house. Join the fun!
July 18th- YOLO (It has to be better this year- new owner!)
August 2nd- Boulder IM (if you aren't racing, join in cheering!)
August 30th- My Way or the Tri Way
September 27- Octoberfest Sprint
October 24th- Pumpkinman Sprint and Olympic- road trip to Nevada!!

Wow- congratulations for making it through this email! Let me know if you have questions. Happy training. Our season has begun!! ~jeanie
