---
layout: post
category : news
icon: fa-bullhorn
title: Friday Email- Dates!
---
Hello members and friends! Welcome to the 2015 Season!! Are you guys ready for a great year? Well, it's time to get things going. Your board is in the process of putting all the orders in for your member swag bags....Water bottles, Tshirts, Swim caps! What does that mean to you? 

Coach Rich Kline will have the sample size long sleeve shirts at each spin and swim from NOW until the beginning of March. Try it on and remember your size of choice. People that have signed up for membership by March 5th will be guaranteed their size. Don't know how to become a member, it's super simple this year......https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/2015-membership

If you sign up for a family membership, you will receive two swag bags. I'll send out a shirt size form soon to take all your orders. Remember, I can only guarantee sizes OF People who are MEMBERS by March 5th. Our kick off meeting is scheduled for April 18th. All members will receive their bags at that point!

Next up...kits! Remember those awesome race kits from last year? Well, we opened up the store again. Size samples are on the way. We will keep the store open for a couple weeks. Please, if you did not try it on, wait to order. Here are the instructions to order if you know your size: https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?pli=1#inbox/14b9d479b2997372?compose=14ba4b8ba66cf4bf&projector=1
Our password is: rocktri

Upcoming things to mention:
THIS Sunday- Ride Leader/Organizer meeting with 6202. I hope to see many ladies there (if we don't get snowed out) 4pm- Lost Coffee- Limelight location

Monday- 7-7:45pm- Strength workout. Because it sucks to do it alone. Meet us by the treadmills at the rec center as we work together to become stronger!

Tuesday nights- 6-7pm Trainer rides at American Cyclesport. It's Free. This is the way to be ready to ride in May. We have trainers you can ride- bring your bike, water, and shoes. It's a lot of fun!

All our club workouts can be found online: http://rocktriclub.com/schedule.html

More info will to come. But sign up, try those shirts on, and train away. Anyone up for a snowshoe hike this Sunday?

Happy Training! Jeanie
