---
layout: post
category : news
icon: fa-bullhorn
title: Friday Email- Friday!
---
"If it is important, you will find a way. If it's not, you'll find an excuse." (ouch....this touch a nerve with anyone else?)

This Friday email is sponsored by BodyFuel! One our top sponsors this year also happens to be a member, Andrew Dole. Andrew is a Chef, a Dietician, Athlete, and an all around rock star. Do you feel like you're training, but missing the nutrition part? Andrew if offering a 1 hour session that includes preseason calorie estimation, macronutrient goals, and a body composition assessment for $95. If you're interested, contact him at  adole@bodyfuelspn.com or 303-807-7194   http://bodyfuelspn.com/

So, Our sponsor list has been finalized! Our tshirts and swag are being made. We will make all our announcements regarding sponsors and discounts soon. 

Our kick off meeting, where we'll hand out all member swag, will be on April 19th from 3-5pm at The Chrystal Valley Ranch Rec Center, the Pinnacle. I'll be sending out an rsvp for that soon. If you have not joined yet, do so now! https://ti.to/rock-tri-club/2015-membership

Club Races for the 2015 Season:
Club races are races that we want to have a large group showing at. We'll have our tent, bring beverages, and make it a fun place for family and spectators. Our races this season are:
April 12th- Platte River Half Marathon
May 23rd- PelicanFest Sprint Tri (oh yes- cold and fun!)
June 7th- Elephant Rock
June 27-28: Tri The Boat Steamboat: Sprint, Olympic, Half IM distance. Some people will be camping, others will be getting a house. Join us.
July 18th- YOLO (It has to be better this year- new owner!)
August 2nd- Boulder IM (if you aren't racing, join in cheering!)
August 30th- My Way or the Tri Way
September 27- Octoberfest Sprint
October 24th- Pumpkinman Sprint and Olympic- road trip to Nevada!!

Weekend Workouts:
Please note that we have added all 6202 rides to our calendar. As a Rock Tri Club member, you are welcome to join their rides. Be sure to thank them for this partnership! Riding is always more fun with friends!  http://rocktriclub.com/schedule.html
Saturday- Road Ride- Meet at Lost Coffee on Perry Street, 9:30am. There will be many different options for length and speed. See you there!

Sunday- Brick. Ride 30 minutes, Run 1 hour (or whatever you need to do). Meet at the Stroh Ranch Soccer Fields off of Crowfoot at 1pm

Let me know if you have any questions, want to start a group workout, or have any concerns or ideas. We, all of us, are the club. We need each other to be better! Happy Friday everyone! ~jeanie
